bs
--
// {{{
`bs` is a cli-based frontend for `diatheke`, which is itself a cli-based
frontend for the http://www.crosswire.org/sword/[Sword Project]. This
probably seems inefficient and redundant. The first, it is. Why not
write a python wrapper for the sword library directly? First of all,
most packages of the sword library do not include python bindings.
Secondly, the Sword Project seems to have been in a state of limbo for
quite some time, and they haven't done a proper release for a while.
This is a huge problem for projects based on the Sword library. However,
diatheke, the bundled cli-frontend seems to always work, and in a
reasonably predicable manner.

diatheke is a fine tool in its own right, but it is, by design, rather
limited in what it can do. The output is not very useful for use
with Unix pipes either. bs aims to address some of these issues.

At the moment, bs does little more than provide classes for organizing
the output of diatheke commands. It is most useful when imported at the
python interactive prompt and data is manipulated in that context.

At the moment, when invoked from the command line, the argument may be a
verse reference or list of references, and they will be printed from the
default Bible module. A word or phrase will be searched for in the
default module and return a list of verse references. A Strong's number,
prefixed with 'G' or 'H' will return a definition of the word followed
by a list of references where the word occurs in the original languages
based on default Greek and Hebrew Bible modules. If the default Greek
module includes the Septuagint, it will be searched as well.

More to come...
// }}}
